---
title: "Hate Towards Tech VC"
date: "2025-08-11"
description: "Reflection on my own disillusion with tech venture capital."
---

If you were to ask me, 3 years ago, about my thoughts on tech venture capitalist I would've told you, "I think what they do is so cool, I actually wanna do it myself one day". Well, 2025 is completely different and if you were to ask me today, or even yesterday, my answer is a complete 180.

Why though, am I jealous, mad, or just a hater? Truthfully, I'd probably slightly all of the above, but for completely different reasons than you probably think.
I first became enamored with VC early in college. It was so cool to me that they got to invest in cool startups and just make INSANE amount of money for the amount of 'real' work that they do themselves. I partially blame Silicon Valley and the scene where Ed Chen invites Erlich to play basketball.

Going to the Bay Area to intern at Amazon certainly didn't help when every other intern I met would talk about interning at some hot startup and the cool work they did, but something I always notice is they would name-drop who the backers were. As if that made the company any better just because of the names of the investors. Looking back at it, I have to laugh at myself just cause of my naivety at that time. Regardless, it was a dream for me at one point, to the point where I even considered applying to deferred MBA programs.

Fast forward to today, everytime I open up X (follow me btw 😘) it's like the LinkedIn, except more casual and everyone is a founder, working at a startup, or a VC. 
Yes, I am partially at fault for engaging with those topics, but it's better than the political rabbit-hole I used to be in. With that being said surprisingly they're not very different.

### Why The Hate

Few reasons, they'll be listed below and I'll follow up with an explanation

- Creates a culture of slop software
- Amount of manipulation in the scene
- Little good for the world
- **Easy deployment** - Works seamlessly with Vercel

### The Good(?)

I'll be the first to say, not all is shit awful with VC. There's obviously some good that comes from taking rich peoples money. But overall I think the cons far out weigh the pros. But, I'll list some out that stand out to me.
